Now let's take a look at the other parts of the object Alt-Tab back into object mode and I'll press
alt h to bring everything else back and let's take a look at one of these doorknobs.
I'll select it press shift H and frame it up with the period key.
Now for this object I'll tab into edit mode.
Let's take a look at this.
If I zoom in a little bit too much there I get some clipping issues.
We can press the N key and adjust the clipping.
Start here.
It's currently at point 1.
I could set it to point 0 1 and see if that helps.
And it does hit the in key again there.
Now this object is really two pieces if I hover over this part and press the L key you can see that
it only selects that piece and if I then hover over this piece and press the key it only selects that
piece so we can break this up into two parts.
I'll go ahead and select this and press you and unwrap and that's what we get.
That's not too bad.
You can see some of the stretching happening here in the light blue area but I don't think that's going
to be a problem since this will probably be a fairly uniform texture that goes onto this.
I'll hit the A key to de-select that and then I'll press the L key.
And now for this part we could go ahead and try and press you and unwrap and see what happens.
But we've got quite a bit of green here and that may be stretching that could be unacceptable even with
a relatively uniform texture.
But one way to test that is to apply our U-V test material and texture to this object.
So I'll just come over here and pull down this menu in the note editor and I'll just click U-V test.
Now if we tab into object mode we can see what's happening here on our object that's not looking very
good.
So we need to come up with a different solution for this door knob.
So if we tab back into edit mode let's think about this.
I'm going to press alt Z to go back to solid shading.
And here's where we can begin to think about hiding our seams.
So maybe we want to split this out at this seam here control E. and Mark seam.
Once we do that though this is now going to be a cylindrical piece and we'll want to split this up so
it lays down flat.
So I'll go ahead and assign a seam here as well.
Now we may need to split out this piece here.
We can create a seam there even though that's right up front and in our view that may be acceptable
in terms of this particular object.
And then I think I'll select an edge right down here
and de-select this piece right there.
So that's going to be split as a cylinder and lay down flat.
Let's give it a try.
I'll hit l you and enwrap.
So now are you the islands are laying down a little bit flatter without as much stretching let's press
alt Z and go back to our textured view and see what we think.
It's looking better.
In fact this may be just fine in terms of our uniform metal texture.
If this were an object where there were text or words written across this area right here we may not
be able to have that seem right there because it would break up that word but with a metallic texture
that might just work.
So let's go back into edit mode and let's select everything.
Now we can see here that we've got our U-V islands overlapping each other within our zero to one space.
And that's not good if we laid down a texture on this.
We would have the same texture happening in multiple U-V islands.
And we want to avoid that.
So some nice tools that Blendr offers us is down here under the UVA's menu.
We've got these two average Island scale and pack islands average Island scale will take all of these
U-V islands and scale them so they're proportionally the same size as the same pieces over in the 3D
object.
So to do that I'll go ahead and press control a.
Which is our shortcut key for that.
And then we went to pack them into this zero to one space as we talked about previously and to do that
we can press control P and that packs the man.
So we'll be using these tools quite a bit as we put together the final U-V map of our object here.
So let's try another piece.
I will tab back into object mode press alt H and let's take a look at this piece right here.
Press shift H.
And this is a pretty simple piece.
It's just a plate with the back face deleted.
We could go ahead and just select this and press you and unwrap and see what happens.
And because these corners are connected.
They're pulling quite a bit as it tries to lay it out flat.
So what I can do is select these individual edges here.
Mark seems and then when we U-V unwrap again we should see those corners relaxing a bit and there we
go.
I'm going to press control up arrow so we can see it full screen.
And you can see here that those corners have been split apart which allows this whole piece to lay down
flat without any stretching and that's good.
I want to hit Control up arrow again.
And so there we have our pieces U-V Matt press alt H.
And now you may be wondering what about this piece over here.
Well we could use the map this again or we could just selected delete it and then duplicate and mirror
this object over.
So let's try that with this selected I'll go ahead and press control up arrow so we can see it a little
better.
With this selected press shift D and hit enter and then I'll come down here to the object menu choose
mirror and then I'll choose the Y global axis here I'll choose Y and hit enter and there we go.
So now we have our object mirrored over to the other side.
And this work too because our pivot point or object origin was down here in the center of the grid in
the center of the door.
All right.
So now our press control up arrow once again in the next video what let's do is let's combine all of
these into one object and then use our scale and pack tools to pack it into the 0 to 1 space.